Resume A

Goals and Objectives
Hello, I am a 28 year old married man from Knoxville Tennessee. For the last 10 years I have been a student, first in Intercultural Studies and Theology, a manager over a home for adults with developmental disabilities, a teacher for Apple Retail specializing in Accessibility Software and recently I am a senior at the University of Tennessee School of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering. What brought me here is a progression of ideas and passions that I find engage in the betterment of humanity. I strive to learn and seek out opportunities that will make an impact on the world around me and I feel as a software engineer working on a team with other like minded individuals, I may continue the sequence that life has shown for me. I believe that in all things it is best to listen closely to what’s in front of me and to take advantage of those opportunities. I can say with certainty that I am no stranger to adversity, considering the path and timeline that has led me to this point. I hope to make a career with you in the work that you are doing and hope to bring a heart for making this moment - this world - better than it was yesterday.

Skills
Growing up with an engineer father and a mom that taught computer lab in school, I have always known the value of my computer and the gift that it is to everyday life tasks. I have the ability to understand most products function and I have a passion to understand software beyond the bounds that we have already reached,
I have an extroverted personality and I love to meet and engage new people, especially when our common interest can benefit our lives. 
I’m well versed in modern Apple film and photo tools and the rest of the “iWork” and “iHome” software.
I have completed an associates level of computer science courses that have equipped me with language skills in C++, Python, some Swift,  Processing(Javascript) and using Arduino/Raspberry Pi Software. 

Education

University Of Tennessee Knoxville Aug 2017 - Present
I am currently enrolled in the field of Computer Science with the focus on software development. The hope is to acquire the tool/skillset in software development to make tools accessible to all people regardless of ability.

Pellissippi State Technical Community College Aug 2015 - 2017
I am currently enrolled in the field of Computer Science with the focus on software development for Accessibility.

Johnson University	Aug. 2008-Dec. 2012
I am a college graduate with a Bachelors of Science degree. I have a double major in Religious studies and Inter Cultural Studies with a focus on Urban populations.

Merritt Island Christian School	Aug. 2005- May 2008

I graduated from Merritt Island Christian School with my diploma.

Experience

Apple Inc. 	May 2013 - Present

I currently work as a Creative (Teacher) at the Apple Store West Town Mall. My daily work schedule involves inspiring customers to explore Apple Hardware, iOS, macOS and WatchOS.  For three years, I have made a commitment to understand and deliver sessions on the Accessibility features that benefit those customers with vision and hearing loss, and recently in switch control which assists in limited mobility. In the 5 years that I have been with company I have had the opportunity to train in Cupertino and develop technical training in two stores in Denver Colorado.  Throughout the entire time, I have been introduced to the culture that pervades Apple where growing oneself is in highest esteem for the benefit of the work we do and the life that we live outside of work.

Riverwood Christian Community	May 2012 - 2014

I worked under Rhonna Samford, the head supervisor for resident managers, to oversee the physical and mental care of 10 residents in one house. In this position I play the role of father, mother and friend by preparing healthy meals, dealing with disciplinary crisis, overseeing resident hygiene, documenting our outings, keeping a consistent daily routine, distributing medication on time and keeping detailed records of everyones mental status and improvement. Starting June 3, I will be working full time from Monday at 6:30 am to Wednesday at 1:30 pm.

Blue Coast Burrito	May 2011 - Sep 2011

I worked in a line assembling meals and preparing raw food for the head cooks. My employment here enabled me to fine tune my ability to listen and produce an experience and product that customers could enjoy. 

Brevard County Parks and Recreation	Summer 2009, 2010, 2011

I worked under Nancy Taback as a counselor to children with Autism and Downs Syndrome. This job taught me to have greater patience and how to listen to children and to their parents. I loved this job because my number one goal was to have fun and it couldn’t have happened without the Apple product there to create end-of-camp slideshows.  
